So I have been programming professionally and on the side for getting close to two decades at this point. I've spent many years writing Java c c plus plus Python Rust go Javascript types script, you name it. If I could go back and correct one mentality of mine. From that entire time, I know exactly what it would be. So first, let me tell you a story so that way you can kind of understand where I'm coming from. In two thousand and seven eight nine. I was in college. I'm pretty excited just learning how to program, getting pretty dang fast at. Did a little bit in high school I did a little bit of it when I was like, you know in six grade, but now I'm really actually doing it. And the thing is that I've always been on a Windows machine at that point. I just loved obviously gaming. That was my thing. Oh. You almost got me trapped. Oh, I had a lot of fun doing it. And now all of a sudden, I'm in college and that's still the operating system that I prefer. Of course, a lot of my classes and everything require me to use Cent Os or Sent us. I can. I have no idea. The fresh maker. I have no idea how you actually say the thing. But either way, I, you know, would str the lot Right? For labs, I use Sent s at home, I use Windows. Net beans on both because come on, it's Net beans, the greatest editor of all time. In in about two thousand eight, I decided I wanted to start a website. I called it life in America is hard. I thought it was funny. You'd leave little notes about things that are hard in America. Such as having to wait in line for coffee. Because you know, you any of those kind of things. Right? Anyways, while I was developing it, I kinda had this idea. Okay? I kinda wanna get good at linux. And so in two thousand eight, got partition by machine, put you ubuntu on it. And I stuck with it for pray probably about a week, but I just... I kind of like, avoided it. You know what Mean? Like Yes. I was using it, but I really just avoided it. I didn't actually do it And enough, ultimately, I stopped using it altogether. I kinda had this mentality that I was right. And when I looked at things that had some sort of friction or difficulty to them, and I could kinda perceive it, I would just assume they are wrong. And what I mean by this, of course is, like, using the Cli or Vi or any of the, you know, kind of like, the more hardcore hack or type things. It just felt like they were kind of a thing of the past. A relic of the past. And really the futures and these Ids and that is it. And I didn't realize how much that was going to hinder me for quite some time. For many, many years, I just simply avoided all these hard things. Things that were different not because they were not beneficial, but because I simply assumed they weren't beneficial. I had this mentality where I believed I was right, and that didn't just stop with the technologies I used, it also happened to be when I was at work, how I treated people. All those kind of things. Right? Because it all is one mentality. I simply believed myself to be more correct more often than others in all sorts of areas. And, yeah, I was pretty smart. I did the best top of my class. I was obviously very good at my job excel above other people, confidence kind of you know, even though it was a bad type of confidence, it kept compounding in on itself. And if I could go back, I really just wish I could tell myself. You know, it is okay to be uncomfortable. It is okay to use something that is per slower than what you use right now or even way more difficult. To do the same thing because it's not about your instantaneous speed up. It's about that long term dividend play. If I would have known this I would not have had nearly as bad of an interviews I did. For a company I had... They asked me, hey. Could you go through a directory and it has sub directories and all these different files have you know, just have a bunch of Html and all this, but we've been hacked. And there's a bunch of free viagra call this number throughout all these different files, and we'd like to remove all of them. Now, of course, me being the young spit engineer with zero tolerance for the Cli and those other things. What did I do? I literally by hand wrote perfectly working Java code Buffer writer, Token nines or Bam bam bam bam bam bam bam wrote the entire recur directory walk from my heart of hearts. Onto the board. And, of course, what did my interview interviewer do? You could have just used crap. And it was kind of like, in that moment, I realized, I should probably know more. Right? Because looking back on it, it's obvious. I know exactly how I would solve that now, you know, boom, little said reps super combo. Right? Be super easy to kinda go through some stuff and just depending I like, if you just want the list of files or do you want me to change them. Right? And so I kinda feel stupid. Right? Now looking back. And so I really hope you can hear this. It's not just me trying to get you to use Vi or saying the Cli is the best place, but really for you to look at problems and understand that you don't know everything. And that using things that seem different or strange, it's okay. Because ultimately, it's gonna make you a better engineer and who knows it may pay some amazing dividends down the road, and hopefully you don't look like such a do. As I did during that interview. So go ahead. If all you ever use Vs code, try Max. Look this. I'm not even suggesting my favorite editor Vi at this point. Who try anything else. Go try intelligently. Go try some other things. See what you can do. You're all you ever do is just do react and front end. Try solid. Try view, expand your horizon, try to understand things better, because ultimately, the more ways you see a problem be solved, the more ways that you can solve a problem. We are often limited by our experiences. And that's really what separates a junior from a senior is just experiences. Experiences seeing things done differently. And ultimately, that's gonna make you a much better engineer and I really wish I could have told myself that a decade ago. I hope you liked this video, please subscribe and of course, actually make a comment down below. Tell me a little story about yourself. I probably will reply to you. My name is the Prime.